Add support for a KV V2 Secret Metadata resource (#1687)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-vault: website/docs/r/kv_secret_v2.html.md

* `data_json` - (Required) JSON-encoded string that will be
  written as the secret data at the given path.

> * `custom_metadata` - (Optional) A nested block containing configuration options for the

Reviewer: Isn't this `map[string]string` ? Not sure what is meant by "nested block".

Author: Added docs to clarify the configuration structure in e5eef1f

* `data_json` - (Required) JSON-encoded string that will be
  written as the secret data at the given path.

* `custom_metadata` - (Optional) A nested block that allows configuring metadata for the
  KV secret. Refer to the
  [Configuration Options](#custom-metadata-configuration-options) for more info.

## Required Vault Capabilities

Use of this resource requires the `create` or `update` capability
(depending on whether the resource already exists) on the given path,
the `delete` capability if the resource is removed from configuration,
and the `read` capability for drift detection (by default).

### Custom Metadata Configuration Options

* `max_versions` - (Optional) The number of versions to keep per key.

* `cas_required` - (Optional) If true, all keys will require the cas
  parameter to be set on all write requests.

* `delete_version_after` - (Optional) If set, specifies the length of time before
  a version is deleted. Accepts duration in integer seconds.

> * `data` - (Optional) A map of arbitrary string to string valued user-provided
>   metadata meant to describe the secret.
> 

Reviewer: nit: this description is a bit hard to read. I'd suggest simplifying it:

```suggestion
* `data` - (Optional) A string to string map describing the secret.
```
